Lastly I'll answer the question that I'm sure a lot of you probably have which is whether or not to
use a week map or a strong map whenever you're working with maps.
Now if you only essentially want to answer this one question right here.
All you need to ask yourself is if you only want to work with object keys or not.
If the answer is yes then by all means use a week map.
That's a great way to go.
It'll allow you to optimize your memory get the most out of it and avoid things like memory leaks.
The downside though is you're not going to have a lot of visibility.
So you're not going to be able to use things like size or for each to loop through things if you need
this kind of visibility and you need to be able to look through your maps then probably a strong map
is a way to go.
Now most people as of right now know that you can use weak maps for things like objects associated with
the Dom but I'm sure there's a lot of different use cases that are yet to be discovered and some that
are popping up now like making data private with an object.
But with that being said that's pretty much it.
For maps insets.